moving to another maker exciting aibelin
want a pairing ah let's go with us then
that might see a free unlike the four
pawns variation let's get some fun or
not she is pushing you further stuff
attention for language for Kobe fund
that g6 that's a bit strange
like Bishop with that really okay
its gene looks something Queen d2 me
just 22
it takes and then Queen g5 king of two
overthumbs oh Charlie clock might
have free coming up again The Temper
store that age file also nightly format
Lisl that's how can attempt over here
the rocks igniters
ezreal page 42 Queen g4 know there's a
really elaborate page for Izzy
that's could be a quick game yeah 15
moves man how is this probably not very
something engine don't like it like a
free yeah hy voce here it's okay right
hghg it takes check yeah why is better
for white Wow I think there's some
issues going on here check who is Kate
check that's crazy joins okay this is
not good so actually the engine nice it
now that's being presented to it yeah
instead of this other stuff um to
advantage for white immediately should
papers are due for once you take then
the very natural looks as though White's
doing well as rh4 crush if you have the
Queen back I think it's bad news anyway
here this position yeah 4 plus I each
far it's pretty dangerous open up this
yeah c5 absolute that diagonal thanks
that goes back sigh check yeah Queen h6
check all this whoa this H file attack
looks rampant check winning the Queen
Mother yeah interesting okay comments or
questions on YouTube thanks very much